:book: metro readme update (#571)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-packet: README.md

* Facility is still usable, but should be moved away from as soon as you can
* See here for more info on the facility deprecation: [Bye Facilities, Hello (again) Metros](https://feedback.equinixmetal.com/changelog/bye-facilities-hello-again-metros)
* If you would like to upgrade your existing clusters from using facilities to using metros, please work with your Equinix support team to figure out the best course of action. We can also provide some support via our [community Slack](https://slack.equinixmetal.com/) and the [Equinix Helix community site](https://community.equinix.com/).
* The basic process will be to upgrade to v0.7.0, then replace `facility: sv15` with `metro: sv` (insert your correct metro instead of sv, for more information check out our [Metros documentation](https://deploy.equinix.com/developers/docs/metal/locations/metros/)) in your existing PacketCluster and PacketMachineTemplate objects.

>   * For example, to updatea  PacketCluster object from facility `sv15` to metro `sv`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * For example, to update a  PacketCluster object from facility `sv15` to metro `sv`
```
